Remove related content from train to teach pages (#4620)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/initial-teacher-training.md

* tasks and assignments
* engagement with academic or professional research

> The theoretical part of your training might be delivered by a university or in a school. Some training courses will be all school-based, but this does not mean that you’ll spend all your time teaching. Find out [how to choose your teacher training course](/train-to-be-a-teacher/how-to-choose-your-teacher-training-course).

Reviewer: `Find out` sounds slightly odd - we are not telling people the answer, just giving them some things to consider? But I don't feel strongly about this so ignore as needed!

> The theoretical part of your training might be delivered by a university or in a school. Some training courses will be all school-based, but this does not mean that you’ll spend all your time teaching. Find out [how to choose your teacher training course](/train-to-be-a-teacher/how-to-choose-your-teacher-training-course).

Author: ```suggestion
The theoretical part of your training might be delivered by a university or in a school. Some training courses will be all school-based, but this does not mean that you’ll spend all your time teaching. Get advice on [how to choose your teacher training course](/train-to-be-a-teacher/how-to-choose-your-teacher-training-course).
```
